README.md, before:

# Precision Notes

Hi and Welcome to our Project "Precision-Notes"!
Created by: Amy, Cole, Konnor, Kendrick and Thomas


Goal: 
The goal of this application is to create a interactive applicative with note-taking properties. The application consists of a general homepage, with several subfunctions (Calculator, Flashcards, etc.)
We hope and wish that this application will be used by students to improve their academic standings and change study habits.


Designs and Documentation:
Documentation can be found within the "Design and Documentation" directory. This directory contains a UI blueprint and a design report amoong other things.


Flashcards Functionality:
  Android Studio Files (Ease of Access):

  Precision-Notes\src (Flashcard)\Code Features (Flashcards)\app\src\main\java\MainActivity.kt" (This is main_activity for the Flashcard functionality. This contains the coded functions that allow for the flashcard mechanisms.)
  Precision-Notes\src (Flashcard)\Code Features (Flashcards)\app\src\main\res\layout"  (This contains the layout/GUI for the flashcard functionality.)


FormulaLib:
  Contains a list of calulcator functions and calculations to allow for faster computations for users. (This will work in conjuction with the calculation application.)

Important Notes:

Commit message:

Made it to where the current state of the notebook can be exported as a PDF that can be accessed on Android IDE the files are most likely somewhere in the emulator.

README.md, after:

# Precision Notes

Hi and Welcome to our Project "Precision-Notes"!
Created by: Amy, Cole, Konor, Kendrick and Thomas


Goal: 
The goal of this application is to create a interactive applicative with note-taking properties. The application consists of a general homepage, with several subfunctions (Calculator, Flashcards, etc.)
We hope and wish that this application will be used by students to improve their academic standings and change study habits.


Designs and Documentation:
Documentation can be found within the "Design and Documentation" directory. This directory contains a UI blueprint and a design report amoong other things.


Flashcards Functionality:
  Android Studio Files (Ease of Access):

  Precision-Notes\src (Flashcard)\Code Features (Flashcards)\app\src\main\java\MainActivity.kt" (This is main_activity for the Flashcard functionality. This contains the coded functions that allow for the flashcard mechanisms.)
  Precision-Notes\src (Flashcard)\Code Features (Flashcards)\app\src\main\res\layout"  (This contains the layout/GUI for the flashcard functionality.)


FormulaLib:
   The formula Library contains a list of formulas that can you can output on the notebook screen. The formulas print in LaTeX formatting

Important Notes:
